## Let's understand the structure of a C++ program

```cpp
#include<iostream>

using namespace stdl

int main() {
   cout<<"Hello World"<<endl;
   return 0;
}
```

**`#include<iostream>`**:

- This line includes the input/output stream library in the program.
- The `#include` directive tells the compiler to include the contents of the `iostream` file in the program before compiling it.
- `iostream` used to take input from the user and display output on the screen.
- We can use other libraries present in the C++ STL(Standard Template Library) in the same way.
- In general, `#include<bits/stdc++.h>` is used to include all the libraries present in the C++ STL.

<br>

**`using namespace std`**:

- This line tells the compiler to use the `std` namespace.
- The `std` namespace contains all the classes, objects, and functions of the standard C++ library.
- The `using namespace std` line allows us to use the classes, objects, and functions of the `std` namespace without using the `std::` prefix.
- For eg: `std::cout` can be written as `cout` after using the `using namespace std` directive.

<br>

**`int main()`**:

- This is the main function of the program.
- Every C++ program must have a `main()` function.
- The program execution starts from the `main()` function.
- The `int` before `main()` indicates that the function returns an integer value.
- The `main()` function can also return a value. The value returned by the `main()` function is called the exit status of the program.
- The `main()` function can have parameters, but they are optional.
- The `main()` function is enclosed in curly braces `{}`.

<br>

**`cout<<"Hello World"<<endl;`**:

- The `cout` object is used to display output on the screen.
- The `<<` operator is used to insert data into the `cout` object.
- The `endl` is used to insert a newline character. Alternatively, we can use `"\n"` to insert a newline character.
- The `cout` object is defined in the `std` namespace, so we can use it directly after using the `using namespace std` directive.

<br>

**`return 0;`**:

- The `return` statement is used to return a value from a function.
- The `0` returned by the `main()` function indicates that the program has executed successfully.
- The `return 0;` statement is optional in the `main()` function. If the `return 0;` statement is not present, the compiler automatically inserts it at the end of the `main()` function.
