## Functions in C++

- A function is a block of code that performs a specific task.

- A function is a self-contained block of code that encapsulates a specific task or related group of tasks.

- We can pass data, known as parameters, into a function.

- A function can return data as a result.

- For eg: `int main() { ... }` is a function.

### Benefits

- **Modularity**: Functions allow us to break down a program into smaller, more manageable pieces.

- **Reusability**: Functions can be reused in different parts of a program.

- **Readability**: Functions make code more readable and easier to understand.

### Syntax

```cpp
return_type function_name(parameters) {
    // Code to be executed
}
```

- `return_type`: The data type of the value that the function returns.
- `function_name`: The name of the function.
- `parameters`: The data that the function receives.

### Example

```cpp
int add(int a, int b) {
    return a + b;
}
```

- In the above example, `int` is the return type, `add` is the function name, and `int a, int b` are the parameters.

- The function `add` takes two parameters `a` and `b` and returns their sum.

- We can call the function `add` as follows:

  ```cpp
  int sum = add(5, 3);
  cout << sum; // Output: 8
  ```

- The function `add` takes two arguments `5` and `3` and returns their sum `8`.

---

## Function Overloading

- Function overloading is a feature in C++ that allows us to define multiple functions with the same name but different parameters.

- The compiler determines which function to call based on the number and type of arguments passed.

- In this process, the function name is the same, but the number of arguments or the data type of the arguments is different.

### Example

```cpp
int add(int a, int b) {
    return a + b;
}

float add(float a, float b) {
    return a + b;
}

int add(int a, int b, int c) {
    return a + b + c;
}
```

- In the above example, we have defined three functions with the same name `add` but different signatures.

- The first function takes two `int` arguments, the second function takes two `float` arguments, and the third function takes three `int` arguments.

<br>

- We can call these functions as follows:

  ```cpp
  int sum1 = add(5, 3);
  float sum2 = add(5.5, 3.5);
  int sum3 = add(5, 3, 2);
  ```

  <br>

- The function `add` is overloaded with different parameters, and the compiler determines which function to call based on the arguments passed.
