## Frequency arrays

- Sometimes, we might want to maintain frequencies of something
  <br>
- **For eg**: Given a list of integers, find the integer with maximum frequency.

- Ex: [1, 2, 1, 1, 3, 3]

  - Here, the frequency of 1 is 3, 2 is 1, and 3 is 2.

## How to solve such problems?

- In these types of problems, we can use **frequency arrays**.
- Frequency Arrays are arrays that store the frequency of all elements in a given array.
- The frequency array is initialized with 0s.

<br>

- In our example, the frequency array would look like this:

  - freq: [3, 1, 2]

    - Here, the frequency of 1 is 3, 2 is 1, and 3 is 2.

        <details>
            <summary>Where: </summary>

      - freq[1] = means how many times 1 is present in the array = 3
      - freq[2] = means how many times 2 is present in the array = 1
      - freq[3] = means how many times 3 is present in the array = 2
      </details>

<br>

- So, we can clearly see:
  - the **index of the frequency array represents the element**
  - **the value at that index represents the frequency of that element**.

## How to create a frequency array?

1. Initialize an empty array `freq` of size n with all elements as 0.
2. Iterate over the **given array** from 0 to n-1.
3. For each element, increment the value at the index of the frequency array by 1.
4. Return the `freq` array.

   ```cpp
   // C++ code
   // Time complexity: O(n), Space complexity: O(n)
   int freq[n] = {0}
   for(int i=0; i<n; i++) {
       freq[arr[i]]++;
   }
   ```

## Important Points

- Remember, the size of the array is dependent on the array elements so **in case the array elements are very large (~10^8) then don’t use this technique directly otherwise it will give Memory Limit Exceeded errors**.

- Frequency array is a **special form of hash table**.

  - So we can also use it with hashing for other data types or large integer values.
    <details>
        <summary><b>What is Hashing?</b></summary>

    - Hashing is a technique of mapping one thing to another using a hash function.
    - A hash function takes an argument of one type, and converts it into another value either of same type or different type.
    - Generally, the output of hash functions is integers.

    </deatils>
